If your business has a website, it should be accessible to disabled users. There are ethical and commercial justifications for this, but there is also a legal reason: if your website does not meet certain design standards, then you could be sued for discrimination.

https://www.pinsentmasons.com/out-law/guides/disabled-access-to-websites-under-uk-law

## History

#### WCAG 1.0:
14 guidelines
-   Guideline 1: Provide equivalent alternatives to auditory and visual content
-   Guideline 2: Don't rely on colour alone
-   Guideline 3: Use markup and style sheets, and do so properly
-   Guideline 4: Clarify natural language usage
-   Guideline 5: Create tables that transform gracefully
-   Guideline 6: Ensure that pages featuring new technologies transform gracefully
-   Guideline 7: Ensure user control of time sensitive content changes
-   Guideline 8: Ensure direct accessibility of embedded user interfaces
-   Guideline 9: Design for device independence
-   Guideline 10: User interim solutions
-   Guideline 11: Use [W3C](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/W3C) technologies and guidelines
-   Guideline 12: Provide context and orientation information
-   Guideline 13: Provide clear navigation mechanisms
-   Guideline 14: Ensure that documents are clear and simple

#### WCAG 2.0
Divine 14 guidelines into 4 groups
##### Perceivable[](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Web_Content_Accessibility_Guidelines&action=edit&section=7)

Information and user interface components must be presentable to users in ways they can perceive.

-   Guideline 1.1: Provide text alternatives for any non-text content so that it can be changed into other forms people need, such as large print, braille, speech, symbols or simpler language.
-   Guideline 1.2: Time-based media: Provide alternatives for time-based media.
-   Guideline 1.3: Create content that can be presented in different ways (for example simpler layout) without losing information or structure.
-   Guideline 1.4: Make it easier for users to see and hear content including separating foreground from background.

##### Operable[](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Web_Content_Accessibility_Guidelines&action=edit&section=8)

User interface components and navigation must be operable.

-   Guideline 2.1: Make all functionality available from a keyboard.
-   Guideline 2.2: Provide users enough time to read and use content.
-   Guideline 2.3: Do not design content in a way that is known to cause seizures.
-   Guideline 2.4: Provide ways to help users navigate, find content, and determine where they are.

##### Understandable[](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Web_Content_Accessibility_Guidelines&action=edit&section=9)

Information and the operation of user interface must be understandable.

-   Guideline 3.1: Make text content readable and understandable.
-   Guideline 3.2: Make web pages appear and operate in predictable ways.
-   Guideline 3.3: Help users avoid and correct mistakes.

##### Robust[](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Web_Content_Accessibility_Guidelines&action=edit&section=10)

Content must be robust enough that it can be interpreted reliably by a wide variety of user agents, including assistive technologies.
-   Guideline 4.1: Maximise compatibility with current and future user agents, including assistive technologies.

#### WCAG 3.0


---
#accessibility  